README.md, before:

# Box WordPress Editor Tools

A collection of tools for modifying the WordPress Editor. 

## Quick Start!

The tools here don't load automatically, so you need to get them going. 
The quickest way would be to add to `functions.php`: 
```php
( new \Boxuk\BoxWpEditorTools\BlockLoader() )->init(); // loads all block.json from /wp-content/themes/{theme}/build/**/*/block.json
( new \Boxuk\BoxWpEditorTools\Comments() )->init(); // disables comments
( new \Boxuk\BoxWpEditorTools\EditorCleanup() )->init(); // Cleans the block-editor to prevent loading plugins
( new \Boxuk\BoxWpEditorTools\PostTypes() )->init(); // registers post-types defined in /wp-content/themes/{theme}/post-types.json
( new \Boxuk\BoxWpEditorTools\TemplatePersistence() )->init(); // saves template changes to disk, not to the database. 
```
There's more options than that, so checkout the links below: 

## Features

 - [Asset Loader](./docs/AssetLoader.md) - help load assets generated by [wp-scripts](https://developer.wordpress.org/block-editor/reference-guides/packages/packages-scripts/).
 - [Block Loader](./docs/BlockLoader.md) - auto-loads blocks to the editor.
 - [Comment Disablement](./docs/Comments.md) - disables comments.
 - [Editor Cleanup](./docs/EditorCleanup.md) - removes some unnecessary bits from the block editor.
 - [Post Type Registrations](./docs/PostTypes.md) - speeds up post-type registration with a single JSON file. 
 - [Template Persistence](./docs/TemplatePersistence.md) - speeds up template modifications by saving to disk instead of the databse.

Commit message:

[FEATURE] Security Hardening Features
Change Details
--------------
Documented security hardening features

README.md, after:

# Box WordPress Editor Tools

A collection of tools for modifying the WordPress Editor. 

## Quick Start!

The tools here don't load automatically, so you need to get them going. 
The quickest way would be to add to `functions.php`: 
```php
( new \Boxuk\BoxWpEditorTools\BlockLoader() )->init(); // loads all block.json from /wp-content/themes/{theme}/build/**/*/block.json
( new \Boxuk\BoxWpEditorTools\Comments() )->init(); // disables comments
( new \Boxuk\BoxWpEditorTools\EditorCleanup() )->init(); // Cleans the block-editor to prevent loading plugins
( new \Boxuk\BoxWpEditorTools\PostTypes() )->init(); // registers post-types defined in /wp-content/themes/{theme}/post-types.json
( new \Boxuk\BoxWpEditorTools\TemplatePersistence() )->init(); // saves template changes to disk, not to the database. 
( new \Boxuk\BoxWpEditorTools\Security\Security() )->init(); // Enables security hardening.
```
There's more options than that, so checkout the links below: 

## Features

 - [Asset Loader](./docs/AssetLoader.md) - help load assets generated by [wp-scripts](https://developer.wordpress.org/block-editor/reference-guides/packages/packages-scripts/).
 - [Block Loader](./docs/BlockLoader.md) - auto-loads blocks to the editor.
 - [Comment Disablement](./docs/Comments.md) - disables comments.
 - [Editor Cleanup](./docs/EditorCleanup.md) - removes some unnecessary bits from the block editor.
 - [Post Type Registrations](./docs/PostTypes.md) - speeds up post-type registration with a single JSON file. 
 - [Template Persistence](./docs/TemplatePersistence.md) - speeds up template modifications by saving to disk instead of the database. 
 - [Security](./docs/Security.md) - Adds security hardening.

## Contributing

The dependancies include [WordPress Stubs](https://github.com/php-stubs/wordpress-stubs), so your IDE should automatically include type information for all WP core functions. If they're not, it's likely a mis-configuration of your IDE. There's helper guides in the WordPress Stubs repo. 

Working on the repo requires packaging this into a functioning WordPress installation. A ready-to-go solution is yet to be developed so a PR is welcome, preferrably where Docker is the only dependancy.
